Protobuf import changes (#518)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-encoding.md

|:-|:-|
| `//encoding.json.decode('{"hi": "abc", "hello": 123}')` | `{'hello': 123, 'hi': (s: 'abc')}` |

## `//encoding.proto.descriptor(protobufDefinition <: bytes) <: tuple`

> This method accepts [profobuf](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf) `.proto` binay file and return a tuple which has [`FileDescriptorSet`](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf@v1.25.0/types/descriptorpb?tab=doc#FileDescriptorSet) describes protobuf message types in the binary file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method accepts [protobuf](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf) binary files and returns a tuple representation of a [`FileDescriptorSet`](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf@v1.25.0/types/descriptorpb?tab=doc#FileDescriptorSet), which describes message types in the binary file. This tuple can be passed as the first parameter to `decode`.
```

> For exmple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```arrai
//encoding.proto.descriptor(//os.file('sys.pb'))
```

References: [sysl.pb](https://github.com/arr-ai/arrai/blob/master/translate/pb/test/sysl.pb)

## `//encoding.proto.decode(descriptor <: tuple, messageTypeName <: string, messageBytes <: bytes) <: tuple`

> This method accepts [protobuf message](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf) information and data, and transfroms them to a built-in arr.ai value tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method accepts three parameters:

- a tuple representation of a [`FileDescriptorSet`](https://pkg.go.dev/google.golang.org/protobuf@v1.25.0/types/descriptorpb?tab=doc#FileDescriptorSet) (as produced by `//encoding.proto.descriptor`).
- the name of the message to be decoded.
- the content of an encoded [protobuf message](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf).

It returns a tuple representation of the encoded message.
```

Reviewer: It would also be good to describe the differences to a proto (e.g. the `a`, `s`, `i`, etc. props)

Author: I think it is better to focus on the description of this method as `a`, `s` and `i` is protobuf knowledges, and reader can get them more separately.

Sample code for converting a [Sysl](https://github.com/anz-bank/sysl) protobuf message to arr.ai values:

```arrai

> let descriptor = //encoding.proto.descriptor(//os.file('sysl.pb'));

Reviewer: I think `sysl` was probably a more useful name; it makes the next line look better.

> let shop = //encoding.proto.decode(descriptor, 'Module', //os.file("petshop.pb"));

Reviewer: Nit: Use the same type of quotes... probably single quotes everywhere except for backticks
